Enhance documentation and setup scripts for Dynatrace Snowflake Obser… (#14)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-snowflake-observability-agent: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Setting up development environment

> This guide is for developers who want to contribute to the Dynatrace Snowflake Observability Agent. If you only want to install and use the agent, please refer to the [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide was created for developers who want to contribute to the Dynatrace Snowflake Observability Agent. If you only want to install and use the agent, please refer to the [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) guide.
```
Maybe that works better...?

### Prerequisites

You will need the following software installed:

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) (3.9 or newer)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* On Windows, [WSL2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) is required.

The recommended setup is to use [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Snowflake plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=snowflake.snowflake-vsc).

### Environment Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-snowflake-observability-agent.git
    cd dynatrace-snowflake-observability-agent
    ```

> 1. **Create and activate a virtual environment:**

Reviewer 2: we could specify that this needs to be done via ubuntu/wsl, it won't work in powershell
